README.md, before:

# Old School Essentials System for Foundry VTT (Unofficial)
All the features you need to play Old School Essentials or B/X Games in Foundry VTT.

## Installation
You can find this Foundry VTT game system within Foundry VTT in the system browser. You could also download the latest archive in the package folder, or use the manifest link below.\
https://gitlab.com/mesfoliesludiques/foundryvtt-ose/-/raw/master/src/system.json

## License
This Foundry VTT system requires Old-School Essentials Core Rules that you can find [here](https://necroticgnome.com).

This third party product is not affiliated with or approved by Necrotic Gnome. \
Old-School Essentials is a trademark of Necrotic Gnome.\
The trademark and Old-School Essentials logo are used with permission of Necrotic Gnome, under license.

## Artwork
Weapon quality icons, and the Treasure chest are from [Rexxard](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/2d/gui/icons/flat-skills-icons-82713).

## Contributions
Any feedback is deeply appreciated. Please issue [tickets](https://gitlab.com/mesfoliesludiques/foundryvtt-ose/-/boards).\
Feel free to grab a TO DO issue from the gitlab board. You can then do a merge request on the `development` branch.

[![ko-fi](https://www.ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/H2H21WMKA)

Commit message:

Update Readme file with proper information.

README.md, after:

# Ricard's Old School Essentials System for Foundry VTT (Unofficial)
All the features you need to play **Ricard's version** of Old School Essentials or B/X Games in Foundry VTT.

## Installation
You can find this Foundry VTT game system within Foundry VTT in the system browser. You could also download the latest archive in the package folder, or use the manifest link below.\
https://github.com/dricard/foundryvtt-rose/tree/master/src/system.json

## Credits
This is a fork of the excellent work of **U-Man**. All credits are his. You can find his work on Old-School Essentials at https://gitlab.com/mesfoliesludiques/foundryvtt-ose. If you use this system or the original OSE, please consider contributing to U-Man with the Ko-Fi link below (all contributions go to him alone).

## License
This Foundry VTT system requires Old-School Essentials Core Rules that you can find [here](https://necroticgnome.com).

This third party product is not affiliated with or approved by Necrotic Gnome. \
Old-School Essentials is a trademark of Necrotic Gnome.\
The trademark and Old-School Essentials logo are used with permission of Necrotic Gnome, under license.

## Artwork
Weapon quality icons, and the Treasure chest are from [Rexxard](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/2d/gui/icons/flat-skills-icons-82713).

## Contributions
Any feedback is deeply appreciated. Please issue [tickets](https://github.com/dricard/foundryvtt-rose/issues).\
Feel free to grab a TO DO issue from the github board. You can then do a merge request on the `development` branch.

[![ko-fi](https://www.ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/H2H21WMKA)
